LEARNING GITHUB

LESSON #1
    manually editing code is anyoying
    viewing old versions of documents in wiki, google and dropbox

Version controll; types
    "Commit" saving a git file and creating a new verson of the file
    pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit: 
    Pro can save at important milestones, more orginized
    Con forget to save

To save two versions of the file, you would create two commits.


Git log and git diff comands
How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

   Git Log;  lists the most recent commit first

git checkout

version controll

     How might using version control make you more
     confident to make changes that could break something?

comamd...
    n
    q
tab completion
    L- LOG 






GIT COMMANDS

Compare two commits, printing each line that is present in one commit but not the other.

        git diff will do this. It takes two arguments - the two commit ids to compare.

Make a copy of an entire Git repository, including the history, onto your own computer.

        git clone will do this. It takes one argument - the url of the repository to copy.

Temporarily reset all files in a directory to their state at the time of a specific commit.

        git checkout will do this. It takes one argument - the commit ID to restore.

Show the commits made in this repository, starting with the most recent.

        git log will do this. It doesn't take any arguments.  




Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?






Behavior of git clone

If someone else gives you the location of their directory or repository, you can copy or clone it to your own computer.

This is true for both copying a directory and cloning a repository.

As you saw in the previous lesson, if you have a URL to a repository, you can copy it to your computer using git clone.

For copying a directory, you weren't expected to know this, but it is possible to copy a directory from one computer to another using the command scp, which stands for "secure copy". The name was chosen because the scp command lets you securely copy a directory from one computer to another.

The history of changes to the directory or repository is copied.

This is true for cloning a repository, but not for copying a directory. The main reason to use git clone rather than copying the directory is because git clone will also copy the commit history of the repository. However, copying can be done on any directory, whereas git clone only works on a Git repository.

If you make changes to the copied directory or cloned repository, the original will not change.

This is true for both copying a directory and cloning a repository. In both cases, you're making a copy that you can alter without changing the original.

The state of every file in the directory or repository is copied.

This is true for both copying a directory and cloning a repository. In both cases, all the files are copied.

MORE GIT COMMANDS
git init
git status



What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
